when Moses went up from the plains of
when Moses went up from the plains of Moab to Mount Nebo to the top of Pisgah
Moab to Mount Nebo to the top of Pisgah
Moab to Mount Nebo to the top of Pisgah which is across from Jericho and the
which is across from Jericho and the
which is across from Jericho and the Lord showed him all the land of Gilead
Lord showed him all the land of Gilead
Lord showed him all the land of Gilead as far as Dan all Naphtali and the land
as far as Dan all Naphtali and the land
as far as Dan all Naphtali and the land of ephraim and manasseh all the land of
of ephraim and manasseh all the land of
of ephraim and manasseh all the land of Judah as far as the western sea the
Judah as far as the western sea the
Judah as far as the western sea the south and the plain of the valley of
south and the plain of the valley of
south and the plain of the valley of Jericho the city of palm trees as far as
Jericho the city of palm trees as far as
Jericho the city of palm trees as far as Zola then the Lord said to him this is
Zola then the Lord said to him this is
Zola then the Lord said to him this is the land of which I swore to give
the land of which I swore to give
the land of which I swore to give Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying I will
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying I will
Abraham Isaac and Jacob saying I will give it to your descendants I have
give it to your descendants I have
give it to your descendants I have caused you to see it with your eyes but
caused you to see it with your eyes but
caused you to see it with your eyes but you shall not cross over there
you shall not cross over there
you shall not cross over there so Moses the servant of the Lord died
so Moses the servant of the Lord died
so Moses the servant of the Lord died there in the land of Moab according to
there in the land of Moab according to
there in the land of Moab according to the word of the Lord and he buried him
the word of the Lord and he buried him
the word of the Lord and he buried him in a valley in the land of Moab opposite
in a valley in the land of Moab opposite
in a valley in the land of Moab opposite death peel but no one knows his grave to
death peel but no one knows his grave to
death peel but no one knows his grave to this day
this day
this day Moses was 120 years old when he died his
Moses was 120 years old when he died his
Moses was 120 years old when he died his eyes were not dim nor his natural vigour
eyes were not dim nor his natural vigour
eyes were not dim nor his natural vigour diminished and the children of Israel
diminished and the children of Israel
diminished and the children of Israel wept for Moses in the plains of Moab 30
wept for Moses in the plains of Moab 30
wept for Moses in the plains of Moab 30 days so the days of weeping and mourning
days so the days of weeping and mourning
days so the days of weeping and mourning for Moses ended now Joshua the son of
for Moses ended now Joshua the son of
for Moses ended now Joshua the son of nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for
nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for
nun was full of the spirit of wisdom for Moses had laid his hands on him so the
Moses had laid his hands on him so the
Moses had laid his hands on him so the children of Israel heeded him and did as
children of Israel heeded him and did as
children of Israel heeded him and did as the Lord had commanded Moses but since
the Lord had commanded Moses but since
the Lord had commanded Moses but since then there has not arisen in Israel a
then there has not arisen in Israel a
then there has not arisen in Israel a prophet like Moses whom the Lord knew
prophet like Moses whom the Lord knew
prophet like Moses whom the Lord knew face to face in all the signs and
face to face in all the signs and
face to face in all the signs and wonders which the Lord sent him to do in
wonders which the Lord sent him to do in
wonders which the Lord sent him to do in the land of Egypt before Pharaoh before
the land of Egypt before Pharaoh before
the land of Egypt before Pharaoh before all his servants and in all his land and
all his servants and in all his land and
all his servants and in all his land and by all that mighty power and all the
by all that mighty power and all the
by all that mighty power and all the great terror which Moses performed in
great terror which Moses performed in
great terror which Moses performed in the sight of all Israel